Kim Lip: Hello!
Kim Lip: We’re on our way to the next shooting site
Kim Lip: After finished the first photo shooting!
Kim Lip: Do you know where are we going?
JinSoul: Daegu... Banyawol…
(It seem like they don’t know exactly…)
Kim Lip: Anyway, we’re in Daegu!
JinSoul: Banyawol, Daegu is famous for beef entrails
Kim Lip: She’s been talking about that.. from even before we left!
(And she talks about food again…)
Kim Lip: So, I’d like to try to eat that!!
(It’s time to eat!)
Kim Lip: She’s happy now because she picked out a boiled egg
JinSoul: I take 10 minutes to peel the egg
JinSoul: And 1 minute to eat it
(She’s eating slowly!)
Kim Lip: I’m hungry.. no matter how much I eat…